[docs] Add taxonomies (#106)
OpenBAS-Platform/docs: docs/administration/taxonomies.md

# Taxonomies

Taxonomies in OpenBAS refer to the structured classification systems that help in organizing and categorizing platform

> data. They play a crucial role in the platform by allowing users to systematically tag and retrieve information based on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data. They are essential to the platform, enabling users to systematically tag and retrieve information based on predefined categories and terms.
```
